Now that we've moved over our actions from our
index.html file over to this actions folder,
the next thing we want to do is move over our reducers.
So inside of this reducers folder we are going to have four different files.
So we will have todos.js for our todos reducer,
goals for our goals reducer.
We also have a loading reducer so we'll have a loading.js file.
And then we will have an index.js file which is going to
use combined reducers and export the invocation of that,
parsing at all of our reducers which we will see here in a second.
So first, let's go ahead and move over our todos reducer.
And whenever I create a new reducers file what I have is,
as the default export we are exporting todos or the specific reducer.
And then now what we need to do is we need to import all of
these different action types that we're using from our actions folder.
So what we'll do is we will grab ADD_ TODO, REMOVE_TODO,
as well as TOGGLE_TODO,
and all of those are going to be coming from actions/todos.
So now this file looks good.
We have all of our action types.
And then we are exporting as the default export our todos reducer.
So let's do the exact same thing for our goals reducer.
So we'll come over here and copy it.
And now this is going to be the default export.
And then the different action types that we need to
import are going to be ADD_GOAL as well as REMOVE_GOAL
which are going to come from actions/goals. Looks good.
And now for our loading reducer,
we can follow the exact same pattern here. We paste this over.
This is going to be the default export and the action type
that we need is going to be RECEIVE_DATA which is coming from actions/shared.
And then the very last thing we need to do is with our index.js file.
And if you'll remember, when we create our store,
what we're doing is we call Redux.createStore.
And then we parse it an invocation of combined middleware.
So what we'll do is we want our index.js file
to handle this combined middleware invocation,
so that way when we import the export from this index.js file what we're getting is
our reducer rather than having to do that in our
main index.js file eventually when we create our store.
So what we'll do is we want to import combined reducers coming from
Redux and then we want to import our different reducers which we just barely made.
So we have todos as well as loading and last we have our goals reducer.
And what we want to export as the default export
is an invocation of combineReducers just as we're doing over here,
passing it through properties todos,
loading, as well as goals.